Aren't you going to ask who is causing the trouble?
We are also here to buy a house
Why kick us out?
That is.
Obviously, they reversed black and white and deliberately found fault
Just the two of you with this street stall
I still think I can afford a villa
Don't make trouble, I advise you
Or hurry up and go out by yourself
Lest the security come and throw you out
You are going too far.
Even if you try to pretend to be rich
I can't cover the sour taste on my body
Get out of here before everyone is decent
Don't embarrass yourself here
You are the salesperson here, right?
My men are having tea with your boss
If you dare to kick me out
Your job
Mr. Li, what did you hear him say?
The subordinates also drink tea with the boss
Laughing boy
It's no use bragging.
Let me ask you something.
Who is the name of the boss here?
I don't know, boss.
Don't even know the name
I advise you to act big next time.
Let's do our homework
You came just in time to kick them both out for me
Don't put it in again
Chen Tianze
Just go out and have tea with your boss
And so forth.
If you can't afford it, don't say it here.